README.md, before:

# LeetCode

| #       | Title                                         | Tags                                         |
|---------|-----------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|
| [1][]   | [Two Sum][]                                   | [Array][],[Hash Table][]                     |
| [21][]  | [Merge Two Sorted Lists][]                    | [Linked List][]                              |
| [26][]  | [Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array][]       | [Array][],[Two Pointers][]                   |
| [118][] | [Pascal's Triangle][]                         | [Array][]                                    |
| [119][] | [Pascal's Triangle II][]                      | [Array][]                                    |
| [121][] | [Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock][]           | [Array][],[Dynamic Programming][]            |
| [122][] | [Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II][]        | [Array][],[Greedy][]                         |
| [125][] | [Valid Palindrome][]                          | [String][],[Two Pointers][]                  |
| [167][] | [Two Sum II - Input array is sorted][]        | [Array][],[Two Pointers][],[Binary Search][] |
| [171][] | [1-bit and 2-bit Characters][]                | [Array][]                                    |
| [189][] | [Rotate Array][]                              | [Array][]                                    |
| [190][] | [Reverse Bits][]                              | [Bit Manipulation][]                         |
| [203][] | [Remove Linked List Elements][]               | [Linked List][]                              |
| [206][] | [Reverse Linked List][]                       | [Linked List][]                              |
| [217][] | [Contains Duplicate][]                        | [Array][],[Hash Table][]                     |
| [232][] | [Implement Queue using Stacks][]              | [Stack][],[Design][]                         |
| [234][] | [Palindrome Linked List][]                    | [Array][],[Two Pointers][]                   |
| [268][] | [Missing Number][]                            | [Array][],[Math][],[Bit Manipulation][]      |
| [283][] | [Move Zeroes][]                               | [Array][],[Two Pointers][]                   |
| [414][] | [Third Maximum Number][]                      | [Array][]                                    |
| [443][] | [String Compression][]                        | [String][]                                   |
| [448][] | [Find All Numbers Disappered in an Array][]   | [Array][]                                    |
| [485][] | [Max Consecutive Ones][]                      | [Array][]                                    |
| [496][] | [Next Greater Element I][]                    | [Stack][]                                    |
| [520][] | [Detect Capital][]                            | [String][]                                   |
| [532][] | [K-diff Pairs in an Array][]                  | [Array][],[Two Pointers][]                   |
| [541][] | [Reverse String II][]                         | [String][]                                   |
| [557][] | [Reverse Words in a String III][]             | [String][]                                   |
| [561][] | [Array Partition I][]                         | [Array][]                                    |
| [566][] | [Reshape the Matrix][]                        | [Array][]                                    |
| [581][] | [Shortest Unsorted Continuous Subarray][]     | [Array][]                                    |
| [605][] | [Can Place Flowers][]                         | [Array][]                                    |
| [628][] | [Maximum Product of Three Numbers][]          | [Array][],[Math][]                           |
| [643][] | [Maximum Average Subarray I][]                | [Array][]                                    |
| [665][] | [Non-decreasing Array][]                      | [Array][]                                    |
| [674][] | [Longest Continuous Increasing Subsequence][] | [Array][]                                    |
| [680][] | [Valid Palindrome II][]                       | [String][]                                   |
| [682][] | [Baseball Game][]                             | [Stack][]                                    |
| [696][] | [Count Binary Substrings][]                   | [String][]                                   |
| [707][] | [Design Linked List][]                        | [Array][],[Design][]                         |
| [709][] | [To Lower Case][]                             | [String][]                                   |
| [724][] | [Find Pivot Index][]                          | [Array][]                                    |
| [728][] | [Self Dividing Numbers][]                     | [Math][]                                     |
| [746][] | [Min Cost Climbing Stairs][]                  | [Array][],[Dynamic Programming][]            |
| [747][] | [Largest Number At Least Twice of Other][]    | [Array][]                                    |
| [766][] | [Toeplitz Matrix][]                           | [Array][]                                    |
| [824][] | [Goat Latin][]                                | [String][]                                   |
| [832][] | [Flipping an Image][]                         | [Array][]                                    |
| [844][] | [Backspace String Compare][]                  | [Stack][],[Two Pointers][]                   |
| [859][] | [Buddy Strings][]                             | [String][]                                   |
| [867][] | [Transpose Matrix][]                          | [Array][]                                    |
| [876][] | [Middle of the Linked List][]                 | [Linked List][]                              |
| [888][] | [Fair Candy Swap][]                           | [Array][]                                    |
| [896][] | [Monotonic Array][]                           | [Array][]                                    |
| [917][] | [Reverse Only Letters][]                      | [String][]                                   |
| [925][] | [Long Pressed Name][]                         | [String][],[Two Pointers][]                  |
| [941][] | [Valid Mountain Array][]                      | [Array][]                                    |


<!-- Questions -->
[1]: https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/
[21]: https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/
[26]: https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/
[118]: https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle/
[119]: https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle-ii/
[121]: https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/
[122]: https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii/
[125]: https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/
[167]: https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/
[171]: https://leetcode.com/problems/1-bit-and-2-bit-characters/
[189]: https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-array/
[190]: https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-bits/
[203]: https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-linked-list-elements/
[206]: https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/
[217]: https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/
[232]: https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-queue-using-stacks/
[234]: https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list/
[268]: https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number/
[283]: https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/
[414]: https://leetcode.com/problems/third-maximum-number/
[443]: https://leetcode.com/problems/string-compression/
[448]: https://leetcode.com/problems/find-all-numbers-disappeared-in-an-array/
[485]: https://leetcode.com/problems/max-consecutive-ones/
[496]: https://leetcode.com/problems/next-greater-element-i/
[520]: https://leetcode.com/problems/detect-capital/
[532]: https://leetcode.com/problems/k-diff-pairs-in-an-array/
[541]: https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string-ii/
[557]: https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-words-in-a-string-iii/
[561]: https://leetcode.com/problems/array-partition-i/
[566]: https://leetcode.com/problems/reshape-the-matrix/
[581]: https://leetcode.com/problems/shortest-unsorted-continuous-subarray/
[605]: https://leetcode.com/problems/can-place-flowers/
[628]: https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-product-of-three-numbers/
[643]: https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-average-subarray-i/
[665]: https://leetcode.com/problems/non-decreasing-array/
[674]: https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-continuous-increasing-subsequence/
[680]: https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome-ii/
[682]: https://leetcode.com/problems/baseball-game/
[696]: https://leetcode.com/problems/count-binary-substrings/
[707]: https://leetcode.com/problems/design-linked-list/
[709]: https://leetcode.com/problems/to-lower-case/
[724]: https://leetcode.com/problems/find-pivot-index/
[728]: https://leetcode.com/problems/self-dividing-numbers/
[746]: https://leetcode.com/problems/min-cost-climbing-stairs
[747]: https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-number-at-least-twice-of-others
[766]: https://leetcode.com/problems/toeplitz-matrix/
[824]: https://leetcode.com/problems/goat-latin/
[832]: https://leetcode.com/problems/flipping-an-image/
[844]: https://leetcode.com/problems/backspace-string-compare/
[859]: https://leetcode.com/problems/buddy-strings/
[867]: https://leetcode.com/problems/transpose-matrix/
[876]: https://leetcode.com/problems/middle-of-the-linked-list/
[888]: https://leetcode.com/problems/fair-candy-swap/
[896]: https://leetcode.com/problems/monotonic-array/
[917]: https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-only-letters/
[925]: https://leetcode.com/problems/long-pressed-name/
[941]: https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-mountain-array/

<!-- Tags -->
[Array]: https://leetcode.com/tag/array/
[Binary Search]: https://leetcode.com/tag/binary-search/
[Bit Manipulation]: https://leetcode.com/tag/bit-manipulation/
[Design]: https://leetcode.com/tag/design/
[Dynamic Programming]: https://leetcode.com/tag/dynamic-programming/
[Greedy]: https://leetcode.com/tag/greedy/
[Hash Table]: https://leetcode.com/tag/hash-table/
[Linked List]: https://leetcode.com/tag/linked-list/
[Math]: https://leetcode.com/tag/math/
[Stack]: https://leetcode.com/tag/stack/
[String]: https://leetcode.com/tag/string/
[Two Pointers]: https://leetcode.com/tag/two-pointers/

<!-- Solutions -->
[Two Sum]: ./0001-Two.Sum/
[Merge Two Sorted Lists]: ./0021-Merge.Two.Sorted.Lists/
[Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array]: ./0026-Remove.Duplicates.from.Sorted.Array/
[Pascal's Triangle]: ./0118-Pascals.Triangle/
[Pascal's Triangle II]: ./0119-Pascals.Triangle.II/
[Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock]: ./0121-Best.Time.to.Buy.and.Sell.Stock/
[Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II]: ./0122-Best.Time.to.Buy.and.Sell.Stock.II/
[Valid Palindrome]: ./0125-Valid-Palindrome/
[Two Sum II - Input array is sorted]: ./0167-Two.Sum.II.Input.array.is.sorted/
[1-bit and 2-bit Characters]: ./0171-1-bit.and.2-bit.Characters/
[Rotate Array]: ./0189-Rotate.Array/
[Reverse Bits]: ./0190-Reverse.Bits/
[Remove Linked List Elements]: ./0203-Remove.Linked.List.Elements/
[Reverse Linked List]: ./0206-Reverse.Linked.List/
[Contains Duplicate]: ./0217-Contains.Duplicate/
[Implement Queue using Stacks]: ./0232-Implement.Queue.using.Stacks/
[Palindrome Linked List]: ./0234-Palindrome.Linked.List/
[Missing Number]: ./0268-Missing.Number/
[Move Zeroes]: ./0283-Move.Zeroes/
[Third Maximum Number]: ./0414-Third.Maximum.Number/
[String Compression]: ./0443-String.Compression/
[Find All Numbers Disappered in an Array]: ./0448-Fina.All.Numbers.Disappered.in.an.Array/
[Max Consecutive Ones]: ./0485-Max.Consecutive.Ones/
[Next Greater Element I]: ./0496-Next.Greater.Element.I/
[Detect Capital]: ./0520-Detect.Capital/
[K-diff Pairs in an Array]: ./0532-K-diff.Pairs.in.an.Array/
[Reverse String II]: ./0541-Reverse.String.II/
[Reverse Words in a String III]: ./0557-Reverse.Words.in.a.String.III/
[Array Partition I]: ./0561-Array.Partition.I/
[Reshape the Matrix]: ./0566-Reshape.the.Matrix/
[Shortest Unsorted Continuous Subarray]: ./0581-Shortest.Unsorted.Continuous.Subarray/
[Can Place Flowers]: ./0605-Can.Place.Flowers/
[Maximum Product of Three Numbers]: ./0628-Maximum.Product.of.Three.Numbers/
[Maximum Average Subarray I]: ./0643-Maximum.Average.Subarray.I/
[Non-decreasing Array]: ./0665-Non-decreasing.Array/
[Longest Continuous Increasing Subsequence]: ./0674-Longest.Continuous.Increasing.Subsequence/
[Valid Palindrome II]: ./0680-Valid.Palindrome.II/
[Baseball Game]: ./0682-Baseball.Game/
[Count Binary Substrings]: ./0696-Count.Binary.Substrings/
[Design Linked List]: ./0707-Design.Linked.List/
[To Lower Case]: ./0709-To.Lower.Case/
[Find Pivot Index]: ./0724-Find.Pivot.Index/
[Self Dividing Numbers]: ./0728-Self.Dividing.Numbers/
[Min Cost Climbing Stairs]: ./0746-Min.Cost.Climbing.Stairs/
[Largest Number At Least Twice of Other]: ./0747-Largest.Number.At.Least.Twice.of.Others/
[Toeplitz Matrix]: ./0766-Toeplitz.Matrix/
[Goat Latin]: ./0824-Goat.Latin/
[Flipping an Image]: ./0832-Flipping.an.Image/
[Backspace String Compare]: ./0844-Backspace.String.Compare/
[Buddy Strings]: ./0859-Buddy.Strings/
[Transpose Matrix]: ./0867-Transpose.Matrix/
[Middle of the Linked List]: ./0876-Middle.of.the.Linked.List/
[Fair Candy Swap]: ./0888-Fair.Candy.Swap/
[Monotonic Array]: ./0896-Monotonic.Array/
[Reverse Only Letters]: ./0917-Reverse.Only.Letters/
[Long Pressed Name]: ./0925-Long.Pressed.Name/
[Valid Mountain Array]: ./0941-Valid.Mountain.Array/

<!--
## Algorithms

1. [Two Sum](Algorithms/Two.Sum)
2. [Add Two Numbers](Algorithms/Add.Two.Numbers)
13. [Roman to Integer](Algorithms/Roman.to.Integer)
35. [Search Insert Position](Algorithms/Search.Insert.Position)
38. [Count and Say](Algorithms/Count.and.Say)
53. [Maximum Subarray](Algorithms/Maximum.Subarray)
69. [Sqrt(x)](Algorithms/Sqrtx)
101. [Symmetric Tree](Algorithms/Symmetric.Tree)
771. [Jewels and Stones](Algorithms/Jewels.and.Stones)
796. [Rotate String](Algorithms/Rotate.String)
905. [Sort Array By Parity](Algorithms/Sort.Array.By.Parity)


## Database

175. [Combine Two Tables](Database/Combine.Two.Tables)
176. [Second Highest Salary](Database/Second.Highest.Salary)
181. [Employees Earning More Than Their Managers](Database/Employees.Earning.More.Than.Their.Managers)
182. [Duplicate Emails](Database/Duplicate.Emails)
183. [Customers Who Never Order](Database/Customers.Who.Never.Order)
196. [Delete Duplicate Emails](Database/Delete.Duplicate/Emails)
197. [Rising Temperature](Database/Rising.Temperature)
595. [Big Countries](Database/Big.Countries)
596. [Classes More Than 5 Students](Database/Classes.More.Than.5.Students)
620. [Not Boring Movies](Database/Not.Boring.Movies)
627. [Swap Salary](Database/Swap.Salary)


## Shell

193. [Valid Phone Numbers](Shell/Valid.Phone.Numbers)
195. [Tenth Line](Shell/Tenth.Line)


## Reorganize

3. [Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](src/longestSubstringWithoutRepeatingCharacters.md)
4. [Median of Two Sorted Arrays](src/medianofTwoSortedArrays.md)
5. [Longest Palindromic Substring](src/longestPalindromicSubstring.md)
6. [ZigZag Conversion](src/zigzagConversion.md)
7. [Reverse Integer](src/reverseInteger.md)
8. [String to Integer (atoi)](src/stringToInteger.md)
9. [Palindrome Numbers](src/palindromeNumber.md)
14. [Longest Common Prefix](src/longestCommonPrefix.md)
19. [Remove Nth Node From End of List](src/removeNthNodeFromEndOfList.md)
20. [Valid Parentheses](src/validParentheses.md)
21. [Merge Two Sorted Lists](src/mergeTwoSortedLists.md)
22. [Generate Parentheses](src/generateParentheses.md)
23. [Merge k Sorted Lists](src/mergeKSortedLists.md)
26. [Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](src/removeDuplicatesFromSortedArray.md)
28. [Implement strStr()](src/implementStr.md)
29. [Divide Two Integers](src/divideTwoIntegers.md)
31. [Next Permutation](src/nextPermutation.md)
50. [Pow(x, n)](src/powXN.md)
55. [Jump Game](src/jumpGame.md)
58. [Length of Last Word](src/lengthOfLastWord.md)
61. [Rotate List](src/rotateList.md)
66. [Plus One](src/plusOne.md)
67. [Add Binary](src/addBinary.md)
70. [Climbing Stairs](src/climbingStairs.md)
94. [Binary Tree Inorder Traversal](src/binaryTreeInorderTraversal.md)
98. [Validate Binary Search Tree](src/validateBinarySearchTree.md)
100. [Same Tree](src/sameTree.md)
105. [Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal](src/constructBinaryPreorderAndInorder.md)
106. [Construct Binary Tree from Inorder and Postorder Traversal](src/constructBinaryInorderAndPostorder.md)
110. [Balanced Binary Tree](src/balancedBinaryTree.md)
111. [Minimum Depth of Binary Tree](src/minimumDepthOfBinaryTree.md)
136. [Single Number](src/singleNumber.md)
137. [Single Number II](src/singleNumberII.md)
141. [Linked List Cycle](src/linkedListCycle.md)
142. [Linked List Cycle II](src/linkedListCycleII.md)
162. [Find Peak Element](src/findPeakElement.md)
191. [Number of 1 Bits](src/numberOf1Bits.md)
201. [Bitwise AND of Numbers Range](./src/bitwiseANDofNumbersRange.md)
260. [Single Number III](src/singleNumberIII.md)
263. [Ugly Number](src/uglyNumber.md)
287. [Find the Duplicate Number](src/findTheDuplicateNumber.md)
295. [Find Median from Data Stream](src/findMedianFromDataStream.md)
299. [Bulls and Cows](src/bullsAndCows.md)
326. [Power of Three](src/powerOfThree.md)
349. [Intersection of Two Arrays](src/intersectionOfTwoArrays.md)
350. [Intersection of Two Arrays II](src/intersectionOfTwoArraysII.md)
367. [Valid Perfect Square](src/validPerfectSquare.md)
371. [Sum of Two Integers](src/sumOfTwoIntegers.md)
372. [Super Pow](src/superPow.md)
374. [Guess Number Higher or Lower](src/guessNumberHigherOrLower.md)
382. [Linked List Random Node](src/linkedListRandomNode.md)
384. [Shuffle an Array](src/shuffleAnArray.md)
387. [First Unique Character in a String](src/firstUniqueCharInString.md)
389. [Find the Difference](src/findTheDifference.md)
390. [Elimination Game](src/eliminationGame.md)
391. [Perfect Rectangle](src/prefectRectangle.md)
396. [Rotate Function](src/rotateFunction.md)
442. [Find All Duplicates in an array](src/findAllDuplicatesInAnArray.md)
-->

Commit message:

Add Projection Area of 3D Shapes

README.md, after:

# LeetCode

| #       | Title                                         | Tags                                         |
|---------|-----------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|
| [1][]   | [Two Sum][]                                   | [Array][],[Hash Table][]                     |
| [21][]  | [Merge Two Sorted Lists][]                    | [Linked List][]                              |
| [26][]  | [Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array][]       | [Array][],[Two Pointers][]                   |
| [118][] | [Pascal's Triangle][]                         | [Array][]                                    |
| [119][] | [Pascal's Triangle II][]                      | [Array][]                                    |
| [121][] | [Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock][]           | [Array][],[Dynamic Programming][]            |
| [122][] | [Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II][]        | [Array][],[Greedy][]                         |
| [125][] | [Valid Palindrome][]                          | [String][],[Two Pointers][]                  |
| [167][] | [Two Sum II - Input array is sorted][]        | [Array][],[Two Pointers][],[Binary Search][] |
| [171][] | [1-bit and 2-bit Characters][]                | [Array][]                                    |
| [189][] | [Rotate Array][]                              | [Array][]                                    |
| [190][] | [Reverse Bits][]                              | [Bit Manipulation][]                         |
| [203][] | [Remove Linked List Elements][]               | [Linked List][]                              |
| [206][] | [Reverse Linked List][]                       | [Linked List][]                              |
| [217][] | [Contains Duplicate][]                        | [Array][],[Hash Table][]                     |
| [232][] | [Implement Queue using Stacks][]              | [Stack][],[Design][]                         |
| [234][] | [Palindrome Linked List][]                    | [Array][],[Two Pointers][]                   |
| [268][] | [Missing Number][]                            | [Array][],[Math][],[Bit Manipulation][]      |
| [283][] | [Move Zeroes][]                               | [Array][],[Two Pointers][]                   |
| [414][] | [Third Maximum Number][]                      | [Array][]                                    |
| [443][] | [String Compression][]                        | [String][]                                   |
| [448][] | [Find All Numbers Disappered in an Array][]   | [Array][]                                    |
| [485][] | [Max Consecutive Ones][]                      | [Array][]                                    |
| [496][] | [Next Greater Element I][]                    | [Stack][]                                    |
| [520][] | [Detect Capital][]                            | [String][]                                   |
| [532][] | [K-diff Pairs in an Array][]                  | [Array][],[Two Pointers][]                   |
| [541][] | [Reverse String II][]                         | [String][]                                   |
| [557][] | [Reverse Words in a String III][]             | [String][]                                   |
| [561][] | [Array Partition I][]                         | [Array][]                                    |
| [566][] | [Reshape the Matrix][]                        | [Array][]                                    |
| [581][] | [Shortest Unsorted Continuous Subarray][]     | [Array][]                                    |
| [605][] | [Can Place Flowers][]                         | [Array][]                                    |
| [628][] | [Maximum Product of Three Numbers][]          | [Array][],[Math][]                           |
| [643][] | [Maximum Average Subarray I][]                | [Array][]                                    |
| [665][] | [Non-decreasing Array][]                      | [Array][]                                    |
| [674][] | [Longest Continuous Increasing Subsequence][] | [Array][]                                    |
| [680][] | [Valid Palindrome II][]                       | [String][]                                   |
| [682][] | [Baseball Game][]                             | [Stack][]                                    |
| [696][] | [Count Binary Substrings][]                   | [String][]                                   |
| [707][] | [Design Linked List][]                        | [Array][],[Design][]                         |
| [709][] | [To Lower Case][]                             | [String][]                                   |
| [724][] | [Find Pivot Index][]                          | [Array][]                                    |
| [728][] | [Self Dividing Numbers][]                     | [Math][]                                     |
| [746][] | [Min Cost Climbing Stairs][]                  | [Array][],[Dynamic Programming][]            |
| [747][] | [Largest Number At Least Twice of Other][]    | [Array][]                                    |
| [766][] | [Toeplitz Matrix][]                           | [Array][]                                    |
| [824][] | [Goat Latin][]                                | [String][]                                   |
| [832][] | [Flipping an Image][]                         | [Array][]                                    |
| [844][] | [Backspace String Compare][]                  | [Stack][],[Two Pointers][]                   |
| [859][] | [Buddy Strings][]                             | [String][]                                   |
| [867][] | [Transpose Matrix][]                          | [Array][]                                    |
| [876][] | [Middle of the Linked List][]                 | [Linked List][]                              |
| [883][] | [Projection Area of 3D Shapes][]              | [Math][]                                     |
| [888][] | [Fair Candy Swap][]                           | [Array][]                                    |
| [896][] | [Monotonic Array][]                           | [Array][]                                    |
| [917][] | [Reverse Only Letters][]                      | [String][]                                   |
| [925][] | [Long Pressed Name][]                         | [String][],[Two Pointers][]                  |
| [941][] | [Valid Mountain Array][]                      | [Array][]                                    |


<!-- Questions -->
[1]: https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/
[21]: https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/
[26]: https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/
[118]: https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle/
[119]: https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle-ii/
[121]: https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/
[122]: https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii/
[125]: https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/
[167]: https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/
[171]: https://leetcode.com/problems/1-bit-and-2-bit-characters/
[189]: https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-array/
[190]: https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-bits/
[203]: https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-linked-list-elements/
[206]: https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/
[217]: https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/
[232]: https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-queue-using-stacks/
[234]: https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list/
[268]: https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number/
[283]: https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/
[414]: https://leetcode.com/problems/third-maximum-number/
[443]: https://leetcode.com/problems/string-compression/
[448]: https://leetcode.com/problems/find-all-numbers-disappeared-in-an-array/
[485]: https://leetcode.com/problems/max-consecutive-ones/
[496]: https://leetcode.com/problems/next-greater-element-i/
[520]: https://leetcode.com/problems/detect-capital/
[532]: https://leetcode.com/problems/k-diff-pairs-in-an-array/
[541]: https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string-ii/
[557]: https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-words-in-a-string-iii/
[561]: https://leetcode.com/problems/array-partition-i/
[566]: https://leetcode.com/problems/reshape-the-matrix/
[581]: https://leetcode.com/problems/shortest-unsorted-continuous-subarray/
[605]: https://leetcode.com/problems/can-place-flowers/
[628]: https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-product-of-three-numbers/
[643]: https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-average-subarray-i/
[665]: https://leetcode.com/problems/non-decreasing-array/
[674]: https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-continuous-increasing-subsequence/
[680]: https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome-ii/
[682]: https://leetcode.com/problems/baseball-game/
[696]: https://leetcode.com/problems/count-binary-substrings/
[707]: https://leetcode.com/problems/design-linked-list/
[709]: https://leetcode.com/problems/to-lower-case/
[724]: https://leetcode.com/problems/find-pivot-index/
[728]: https://leetcode.com/problems/self-dividing-numbers/
[746]: https://leetcode.com/problems/min-cost-climbing-stairs
[747]: https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-number-at-least-twice-of-others
[766]: https://leetcode.com/problems/toeplitz-matrix/
[824]: https://leetcode.com/problems/goat-latin/
[832]: https://leetcode.com/problems/flipping-an-image/
[844]: https://leetcode.com/problems/backspace-string-compare/
[859]: https://leetcode.com/problems/buddy-strings/
[867]: https://leetcode.com/problems/transpose-matrix/
[876]: https://leetcode.com/problems/middle-of-the-linked-list/
[883]: https://leetcode.com/problems/projection-area-of-3d-shapes/
[888]: https://leetcode.com/problems/fair-candy-swap/
[896]: https://leetcode.com/problems/monotonic-array/
[917]: https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-only-letters/
[925]: https://leetcode.com/problems/long-pressed-name/
[941]: https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-mountain-array/

<!-- Tags -->
[Array]: https://leetcode.com/tag/array/
[Binary Search]: https://leetcode.com/tag/binary-search/
[Bit Manipulation]: https://leetcode.com/tag/bit-manipulation/
[Design]: https://leetcode.com/tag/design/
[Dynamic Programming]: https://leetcode.com/tag/dynamic-programming/
[Greedy]: https://leetcode.com/tag/greedy/
[Hash Table]: https://leetcode.com/tag/hash-table/
[Linked List]: https://leetcode.com/tag/linked-list/
[Math]: https://leetcode.com/tag/math/
[Stack]: https://leetcode.com/tag/stack/
[String]: https://leetcode.com/tag/string/
[Two Pointers]: https://leetcode.com/tag/two-pointers/

<!-- Solutions -->
[Two Sum]: ./0001-Two.Sum/
[Merge Two Sorted Lists]: ./0021-Merge.Two.Sorted.Lists/
[Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array]: ./0026-Remove.Duplicates.from.Sorted.Array/
[Pascal's Triangle]: ./0118-Pascals.Triangle/
[Pascal's Triangle II]: ./0119-Pascals.Triangle.II/
[Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock]: ./0121-Best.Time.to.Buy.and.Sell.Stock/
[Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II]: ./0122-Best.Time.to.Buy.and.Sell.Stock.II/
[Valid Palindrome]: ./0125-Valid-Palindrome/
[Two Sum II - Input array is sorted]: ./0167-Two.Sum.II.Input.array.is.sorted/
[1-bit and 2-bit Characters]: ./0171-1-bit.and.2-bit.Characters/
[Rotate Array]: ./0189-Rotate.Array/
[Reverse Bits]: ./0190-Reverse.Bits/
[Remove Linked List Elements]: ./0203-Remove.Linked.List.Elements/
[Reverse Linked List]: ./0206-Reverse.Linked.List/
[Contains Duplicate]: ./0217-Contains.Duplicate/
[Implement Queue using Stacks]: ./0232-Implement.Queue.using.Stacks/
[Palindrome Linked List]: ./0234-Palindrome.Linked.List/
[Missing Number]: ./0268-Missing.Number/
[Move Zeroes]: ./0283-Move.Zeroes/
[Third Maximum Number]: ./0414-Third.Maximum.Number/
[String Compression]: ./0443-String.Compression/
[Find All Numbers Disappered in an Array]: ./0448-Fina.All.Numbers.Disappered.in.an.Array/
[Max Consecutive Ones]: ./0485-Max.Consecutive.Ones/
[Next Greater Element I]: ./0496-Next.Greater.Element.I/
[Detect Capital]: ./0520-Detect.Capital/
[K-diff Pairs in an Array]: ./0532-K-diff.Pairs.in.an.Array/
[Reverse String II]: ./0541-Reverse.String.II/
[Reverse Words in a String III]: ./0557-Reverse.Words.in.a.String.III/
[Array Partition I]: ./0561-Array.Partition.I/
[Reshape the Matrix]: ./0566-Reshape.the.Matrix/
[Shortest Unsorted Continuous Subarray]: ./0581-Shortest.Unsorted.Continuous.Subarray/
[Can Place Flowers]: ./0605-Can.Place.Flowers/
[Maximum Product of Three Numbers]: ./0628-Maximum.Product.of.Three.Numbers/
[Maximum Average Subarray I]: ./0643-Maximum.Average.Subarray.I/
[Non-decreasing Array]: ./0665-Non-decreasing.Array/
[Longest Continuous Increasing Subsequence]: ./0674-Longest.Continuous.Increasing.Subsequence/
[Valid Palindrome II]: ./0680-Valid.Palindrome.II/
[Baseball Game]: ./0682-Baseball.Game/
[Count Binary Substrings]: ./0696-Count.Binary.Substrings/
[Design Linked List]: ./0707-Design.Linked.List/
[To Lower Case]: ./0709-To.Lower.Case/
[Find Pivot Index]: ./0724-Find.Pivot.Index/
[Self Dividing Numbers]: ./0728-Self.Dividing.Numbers/
[Min Cost Climbing Stairs]: ./0746-Min.Cost.Climbing.Stairs/
[Largest Number At Least Twice of Other]: ./0747-Largest.Number.At.Least.Twice.of.Others/
[Toeplitz Matrix]: ./0766-Toeplitz.Matrix/
[Goat Latin]: ./0824-Goat.Latin/
[Flipping an Image]: ./0832-Flipping.an.Image/
[Backspace String Compare]: ./0844-Backspace.String.Compare/
[Buddy Strings]: ./0859-Buddy.Strings/
[Transpose Matrix]: ./0867-Transpose.Matrix/
[Middle of the Linked List]: ./0876-Middle.of.the.Linked.List/
[Projection Area of 3D Shapes]: ./0883-Projection.Area.of.3D.Shapes/
[Fair Candy Swap]: ./0888-Fair.Candy.Swap/
[Monotonic Array]: ./0896-Monotonic.Array/
[Reverse Only Letters]: ./0917-Reverse.Only.Letters/
[Long Pressed Name]: ./0925-Long.Pressed.Name/
[Valid Mountain Array]: ./0941-Valid.Mountain.Array/

<!--
## Algorithms

1. [Two Sum](Algorithms/Two.Sum)
2. [Add Two Numbers](Algorithms/Add.Two.Numbers)
13. [Roman to Integer](Algorithms/Roman.to.Integer)
35. [Search Insert Position](Algorithms/Search.Insert.Position)
38. [Count and Say](Algorithms/Count.and.Say)
53. [Maximum Subarray](Algorithms/Maximum.Subarray)
69. [Sqrt(x)](Algorithms/Sqrtx)
101. [Symmetric Tree](Algorithms/Symmetric.Tree)
771. [Jewels and Stones](Algorithms/Jewels.and.Stones)
796. [Rotate String](Algorithms/Rotate.String)
905. [Sort Array By Parity](Algorithms/Sort.Array.By.Parity)


## Database

175. [Combine Two Tables](Database/Combine.Two.Tables)
176. [Second Highest Salary](Database/Second.Highest.Salary)
181. [Employees Earning More Than Their Managers](Database/Employees.Earning.More.Than.Their.Managers)
182. [Duplicate Emails](Database/Duplicate.Emails)
183. [Customers Who Never Order](Database/Customers.Who.Never.Order)
196. [Delete Duplicate Emails](Database/Delete.Duplicate/Emails)
197. [Rising Temperature](Database/Rising.Temperature)
595. [Big Countries](Database/Big.Countries)
596. [Classes More Than 5 Students](Database/Classes.More.Than.5.Students)
620. [Not Boring Movies](Database/Not.Boring.Movies)
627. [Swap Salary](Database/Swap.Salary)


## Shell

193. [Valid Phone Numbers](Shell/Valid.Phone.Numbers)
195. [Tenth Line](Shell/Tenth.Line)


## Reorganize

3. [Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](src/longestSubstringWithoutRepeatingCharacters.md)
4. [Median of Two Sorted Arrays](src/medianofTwoSortedArrays.md)
5. [Longest Palindromic Substring](src/longestPalindromicSubstring.md)
6. [ZigZag Conversion](src/zigzagConversion.md)
7. [Reverse Integer](src/reverseInteger.md)
8. [String to Integer (atoi)](src/stringToInteger.md)
9. [Palindrome Numbers](src/palindromeNumber.md)
14. [Longest Common Prefix](src/longestCommonPrefix.md)
19. [Remove Nth Node From End of List](src/removeNthNodeFromEndOfList.md)
20. [Valid Parentheses](src/validParentheses.md)
21. [Merge Two Sorted Lists](src/mergeTwoSortedLists.md)
22. [Generate Parentheses](src/generateParentheses.md)
23. [Merge k Sorted Lists](src/mergeKSortedLists.md)
26. [Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](src/removeDuplicatesFromSortedArray.md)
28. [Implement strStr()](src/implementStr.md)
29. [Divide Two Integers](src/divideTwoIntegers.md)
31. [Next Permutation](src/nextPermutation.md)
50. [Pow(x, n)](src/powXN.md)
55. [Jump Game](src/jumpGame.md)
58. [Length of Last Word](src/lengthOfLastWord.md)
61. [Rotate List](src/rotateList.md)
66. [Plus One](src/plusOne.md)
67. [Add Binary](src/addBinary.md)
70. [Climbing Stairs](src/climbingStairs.md)
94. [Binary Tree Inorder Traversal](src/binaryTreeInorderTraversal.md)
98. [Validate Binary Search Tree](src/validateBinarySearchTree.md)
100. [Same Tree](src/sameTree.md)
105. [Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal](src/constructBinaryPreorderAndInorder.md)
106. [Construct Binary Tree from Inorder and Postorder Traversal](src/constructBinaryInorderAndPostorder.md)
110. [Balanced Binary Tree](src/balancedBinaryTree.md)
111. [Minimum Depth of Binary Tree](src/minimumDepthOfBinaryTree.md)
136. [Single Number](src/singleNumber.md)
137. [Single Number II](src/singleNumberII.md)
141. [Linked List Cycle](src/linkedListCycle.md)
142. [Linked List Cycle II](src/linkedListCycleII.md)
162. [Find Peak Element](src/findPeakElement.md)
191. [Number of 1 Bits](src/numberOf1Bits.md)
201. [Bitwise AND of Numbers Range](./src/bitwiseANDofNumbersRange.md)
260. [Single Number III](src/singleNumberIII.md)
263. [Ugly Number](src/uglyNumber.md)
287. [Find the Duplicate Number](src/findTheDuplicateNumber.md)
295. [Find Median from Data Stream](src/findMedianFromDataStream.md)
299. [Bulls and Cows](src/bullsAndCows.md)
326. [Power of Three](src/powerOfThree.md)
349. [Intersection of Two Arrays](src/intersectionOfTwoArrays.md)
350. [Intersection of Two Arrays II](src/intersectionOfTwoArraysII.md)
367. [Valid Perfect Square](src/validPerfectSquare.md)
371. [Sum of Two Integers](src/sumOfTwoIntegers.md)
372. [Super Pow](src/superPow.md)
374. [Guess Number Higher or Lower](src/guessNumberHigherOrLower.md)
382. [Linked List Random Node](src/linkedListRandomNode.md)
384. [Shuffle an Array](src/shuffleAnArray.md)
387. [First Unique Character in a String](src/firstUniqueCharInString.md)
389. [Find the Difference](src/findTheDifference.md)
390. [Elimination Game](src/eliminationGame.md)
391. [Perfect Rectangle](src/prefectRectangle.md)
396. [Rotate Function](src/rotateFunction.md)
442. [Find All Duplicates in an array](src/findAllDuplicatesInAnArray.md)
-->
